my name is Mike Wang and I'm the lead
gameplay designer for NBA Live 10 behind
goals for this year at least in terms of
the gameplay we're one to make control
feel a lot better we wanted the game to
feel a lot more responsive we wanted it
to put the control back on users hands
so we wanted them to be able to do
everything that they wanted to be able
to with the basketball
number two was one of the game to look
more like NBA basketball so this speaks
more to the animation side of things we
wanted to make sure that all the players
animated fluidly we got rid of like all
the herky-jerky motion and the robotic
cyclical movement that people complained
about and had really authentic looking
basketball and the third thing was
authentic basketball wanted to make sure
that you know we tapped into dynamic DNA
used it to you know more leverage what
they give us in terms of stats and
tendencies and make sure that the the AI
really stepped up their game and the
players played more to their to life
cells and the team's played more to
their true-life cells as well the
dynamic DNA's is pretty amazing I mean
if you look at the actual data that that
synergy sports tech technology tracks
it's so in-depth and the level of detail
there was incredible and they're almost
like overwhelming to try and take that
all in and figure out how do we put this
in a basketball game this year when you
have a whole year to really integrate it
properly that's when you're gonna see it
really come to fruition you really come
to the forefront and then every game is
gonna really just come to life because
then the players start to play more true
to themselves and so when you have the
move the movement of the players start
to really mimic they're true to life
play sets and where they really you know
go to be successful then the game really
starts to again take that next step
towards authenticity the game does a
really good job of basically giving you
success or failure based on whether you
play to those team strengths or not
yeah I think people you know when they
kind of write off live because it didn't
play you didn't play well it didn't
control well and but if you actually
look at under the hood and look at the
tech and look at what the AI was
architected to do it's actually quite
impressive and there's some really
really smart basketball guys here guys
who played a very high level ball and
they really get that it's just kind of a
shame that most people didn't give live
time and they look past kind of the the
surface and the aesthetics and see with
a I was doing underneath because it was
really strong that being said I think we
really went and taking that extra leap
forward now to make sure that again the
off ball movement was there that the
game the game level stuff like all the
moves you can do that stuff was solid so
as you play the game now you're not held
back by that from a perception you're
not really held back by this game
doesn't look like basketball so it must
not be basketball now now that looks
like basketball and it feels good you
start to see really under the hood a I
really shine forth and it it's really
strong so I'm hoping that people will
give life to any chance this year to see
that this is NBA Live 10 coming out for
the ps3 and xbox 360 on October 6th